changes I need
change the currency type to Indian rupee

1. Add expense button (+)
fields to be enter are Description, amount, select category (Dropdown bidefault category - Food, transport, entertainment, utilities, Shopping, Saving, investment, other ), Pay from button (logic - in other module user will enter the number of account and the income inside it so the dropdown of that accounts will appear here), payment method (radio button to select online, offline, credit card), type (Need, Want radio button to select), date of expense.
if user select the category name investment then the option should appear that is "add the investment details?" after enabling that option the dropdown should come with the options (mutual funds, Stocks, Gold investment, FD, RD, Other) and this category wise table should reflect in the investment module


2. main dashboard
should show three main income, Expenses, Net Balance (just change the savings by this)
below that donut chart of the spending by category (don't show legend by clicking on the particular part the percentage of the spending and the category name should appear)
below that the horizontal bar chart showing the need, want and saved bars horizontally as per the details entered by the user
below that the recent transaction page keep it as it is 

3. Add the hamburger menu option to the top left with the three lines 
after clicking the drawer like menu should appear 
menu should contain the following modules
1. Profile
2. Dashboard
3. Accounts
4. Analysis 
5. investments
6. Split bills
7. reminders
8. Manage categories
9. Detailed calendar
10. Settings

explaining all the modules below
1. profile
--personal information 
a) name, email ID 
b) Password & security
c) 2 factor authentication

2. Dashboard 
-- main dashboard 
this should be open bidefault after opening the app 

3. Accounts
-- Button to add account
button field to be enter 
account name, 
Account type (dropdown - checking, saving, investment),
amount
all the accounts should be listed here in the form of cards 
and the main dashboard should show the total of all the accounts
as the income

4. analysis
select daterange option on the top right
below that one card with three partition just like main dashboard 
fileds are online spending, Offline spending, credit card spending
and below things should same as the main dashboard
just the last table of recent transaction should contain the category wise table also 
showing which category contains how many spends

5. investment
if the user select the category named investment then all the transaction which has this category should come into this tab and there analysis will show here 
analysis -- pie chart of the spending and below that investment detailed table as the user enter the investments in the add transaction button menu 

6. split bill 
button to "plan expense" 
after clicking fields - plan name, members (seperated by commas) 
then create the plan 
After creating the plan inside each plan there should be the option to add expense (+), feilds here description, Amount, Paid by (Drop down of the members list) , split with (More that one selection option below), after entering the transaction the field whould tell 
who owes how much to whoom in this trip

7. reminder
enable option to set the reminders to pay the bills monthly or the mandatory tasks in each month 
again add reminder button, with fields title, reccuring monthly bill enable option, date and time, notes

8. manage category
option to add, edit, delete the category 
list of the category which are bidefault set and plus button to add more category which consist fields name, budget (if user want the allocated amount to be set), type (drop down - need, want)


9. detailed calendar
consist the calendar view to where if the spending in particular date exceeds the allocated amount for any catergory then the date should show in the red 
and after clicking every date the list of transaction should be shown 
which is created at that date

10. settings 
option to change the theme light, dark, system default
I want the dark mode also in the app 
notification enable button
support and feedback section
A) FAQ & support -- contains the default question generated by AI and also option to send the question to us 
B) Privacy policy -- add the general privacy policy 
C) send feed back -- option to give rating and feedback 
D) rate us on app store and playstore 
E) join our community 
Danger zone
contains 
clear all data button and delete account button

all the details entered in the add expenses button in the main dashboard should reflect all over the app and like one stop solution 

and keep current things as it is and made the changes I have told you 